Artikel 1: 
Judul: Bad Effect of Indomie
Author: Iswi Hanifah 
Teks: Noodles are foods that taste very good. No wonder this food is loved by many people. 
    However, it turns out than often consuming noodles has a bad impact on the body. 
    based on a number of research result, eating too much noodles can increase the risk of cancer, 
    intestinal disorders, kidneys to obesity. Because of the bad effects caused, 
    it is better to avoid the consumption of noodles. As much as possible replace instant noodles with other foods. 
    Even if you want to eat instant noodles, you should give a grace period of between 2-3 days. 
    If you are used to the grace petiod, it can be extended to 5-6 days and so on. 
    This can help anyone to reduce consumption of instant noodles better

Artikel 2: 
Judul: A New GPS Technology
Author: Arief harim
Teks: The latest information says that company X has successfully launched a new product with very advanced GPS 
technology. Company X has succeeded in developing a smartphone that takes GPS technology to a higher level. 
The type T smartphone, which was launched this month, is predicted to be the best smartphone that 
features a GPS system. THe GPS in the smartphone is able to monitor the movement of the owner and sound an alarm 
if the owner does simenthing bad. If the owner sits mostly, the smartphone will automatically beep and 
suggest moving immediately. If the owner is in the middle of the road, the smartphone will warn of 
the dangers of passing vehicles. So this smartphone seems to be the controller of every action taken

Artikel 3: 
Judul: Soto Lamongan 
Author: Chef Lizzie
Teks: Indonesia has a variety of Indonesian specialties. One of the famous Indonesian culinary is Soto Lamongan. 
This food is a delicious dish from East Java that tastes amazingly delicious. Tou will feel the pleasure of 
the gravy wrapped in sweet, fresh and savory flavors gathered together, Try to enjoy this culinary taste 
the best dishes of the archipelago

Artikel 4: 
Judul: Multipurpose Roses
Author: Sofan Amri
Teks: The rose is a symbol of love and warmth. A Person who gets a beautiful rose will definitely feel so war,. 
The sincerity that is given seems to be reflected in this fragrant red flower. However, it turns out that roses are 
widely used in the beauty industry. The oil contained in roses can keep the skin healthy and glowing. 
Not also widely used by perfume companies in the world. Roses are also made a healthy drink with a distinctive aroma.

Artikel 5: 
Judul: Surabi
Author: Muhammad Yanuar
Teks: Surabi is one of the most popular snacearance are the reasons why this traditional snack is much sought 
after by immigrants and Bandung urabanites. One of the pioneers of Surabi in Bandung is Surabi Cihapit, 
which was established in 1991. THe most famous menu is Surabi Oncom, but other variants are also worth trying.
Guaranteed addicted you know!

Artikel 6: 
Judul: Spatial and Temporal Abundance of Interacting Populations of White Clover and Grass Species as Assessed by Image Analyses
Author: Anne Kjersti Bakken
Teks: The dataset comprises detailed mappings of two communities of interacting populations of white clover 
(Trifolium repens L.) and

Artikel 7: 
Judul: Favorit Color
Author: Clarity
Teks: favorit color turns out to show a person's character/ People who loke red tend to have a firm and hard 
character/ White lover is someone who is gentle. Meanwhile, black enthusiasts are usually mysterious and difficult 
to predict. For someone who lokes the color blue, the elegant character stands out more. Whatever his favorit color. 
character is a unique thing.

Artikel 8: 
Judul: An Observatory Plot System for Grain Production in
Author: Soroush Parsa
Teks: The neotropical savanna is the second largest biome in South America, with significant potential 
for agricultural development. In Colombia, this biome is experiencing rapid land-use change leading to the 
conversion of seminatural landscapes into to intensive agricultural systems. Our Dataset Paper documents 
the emerging intensive grain production systems. Between 2011 and 2013, we established 336 observatory plots 
within farmer’s maize, rice, and soybean fields along a 200 Km transect from Puerto Lopez (Meta) to Viento (Vichada).